feat(changelog): jobs-added-serverless-jobs-is-now-in-ga 2024-03-28 (#2995)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/march2024/2024-03-28-jobs-added-serverless-jobs-is-now-in-ga.mdx

---
title: Serverless Jobs is now in GA
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-jobs channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-03-28
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> Serverless Jobs is made to run simple tasks per batch in the cloud without having to worry about infrastructure management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Jobs is now in GA. Severless Jobs allows you to to run simple tasks per batch in the cloud without having to worry about infrastructure management. Find out more about it in [our dedicated documentation](/serverless/jobs/).
```
